README.md, before:

<p align="center">
    <img height="128" src="assets/img/icon.png" alt="Icon of Google Location Hider">
</p>

<h1 align="center">Google Location Hider</h1>

<p align="center">A script that hides your location when you use Google. (Tampermonkey Script / Browser Extension)</p>

<div align="center">
    <a href="https://discord.gg/5UmsQP4MFH"><img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/610120595765723137?logo=discord" alt="Discord"/></a>
    <br><br>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/Lyzev/google-location-hider" alt="GitHub last commit"/>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/w/Lyzev/google-location-hider" alt="GitHub commit activity"/>
    <br>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/Lyzev/google-location-hider" alt="GitHub code size in bytes"/>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/Lyzev/google-location-hider" alt="GitHub contributors"/>
</div>

## Usage

### Tampermonkey
1. Download the [google-location-hider.js](https://github.com/Lyzev/google-location-hider/releases/latest) file
2. Open Tampermonkey in your Browser
3. Go to the Utilities tab
4. Press the button `Choose File` at `Import from file`
5. Choose the downloaded [google-location-hider.js](https://github.com/Lyzev/google-location-hider/releases/latest) file
6. Click on `Install` in the tab that has opened
7. Have fun!

## Showcase
### Without
![Example Image Without](assets/img/without.png)

### With
![Example Image With](assets/img/with.png)

## Bugs and Suggestions

### Discord
If you need support, you can join [this](https://discord.gg/5UmsQP4MFH) Discord server.

### GitHub
Bug reports and suggestions should be made in this repo's [issue tracker](https://github.com/Lyzev/google-location-hider/issues) using the templates provided. Please provide as much information as you can to best help us understand your issue and give a better chance of it being resolved.

## Important
The idea for this project came from a friend of mine. (If he wants to be mentioned in this repo, contact me on Discord).

Commit message:

- Renamed 'Usage' to 'Installation' in README.md - Added Chrome extension installation guide in the README.md
Signed-off-by: Lyzev <lyzev.info@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
    <img height="128" src="assets/img/icon.png" alt="Icon of Google Location Hider">
</p>

<h1 align="center">Google Location Hider</h1>

<p align="center">A script that hides your location when you use Google. (Tampermonkey Script / Browser Extension)</p>

<div align="center">
    <a href="https://discord.gg/5UmsQP4MFH"><img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/610120595765723137?logo=discord" alt="Discord"/></a>
    <br><br>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/Lyzev/google-location-hider" alt="GitHub last commit"/>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/w/Lyzev/google-location-hider" alt="GitHub commit activity"/>
    <br>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/Lyzev/google-location-hider" alt="GitHub code size in bytes"/>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/Lyzev/google-location-hider" alt="GitHub contributors"/>
</div>

## Installation

### Chrome Extension
1. Download the [google-location-hider.zip](https://github.com/Lyzev/google-location-hider/releases/latest) file
2. Unzip the file
3. Open Chrome
4. Go to `chrome://extensions/`
5. Enable `Developer mode` in the top right corner
6. Press the button `Load unpacked` in the top left corner
7. Choose the unzipped folder
8. Have fun!

### Tampermonkey
1. Download the [google-location-hider.js](https://github.com/Lyzev/google-location-hider/releases/latest) file
2. Open Tampermonkey in your Browser
3. Go to the Utilities tab
4. Press the button `Choose File` at `Import from file`
5. Choose the downloaded [google-location-hider.js](https://github.com/Lyzev/google-location-hider/releases/latest) file
6. Click on `Install` in the tab that has opened
7. Have fun!

## Showcase

### Without
![Example Image Without](assets/img/without.png)

### With
![Example Image With](assets/img/with.png)

## Bugs and Suggestions

### Discord
If you need support, you can join [this](https://discord.gg/5UmsQP4MFH) Discord server.

### GitHub
Bug reports and suggestions should be made in this repo's [issue tracker](https://github.com/Lyzev/google-location-hider/issues) using the templates provided. Please provide as much information as you can to best help us understand your issue and give a better chance of it being resolved.

## Important
The idea for this project came from a friend of mine. (If he wants to be mentioned in this repo, contact me on Discord).
